README.md, before:

# Upsum

## Getting started

### Varnish 4.x and Node 6.x

The website uses Varnish 4.x and Node 6.x.

We are using Varnish as a cache and as a way to handle URL writes and to have prettier URLs than Next.js router currently allows for.

e.g. /question/foo-bar is passed to the Next.js app as /question?q=foo-bar

You can install both varnish and node with standard package managers such as `brew` (on Mac OS), `apt/dpkg` (on Debian/Ubuntu) and 'yum/rpm' (on RedHat).

### Running locally

If you use brew to install varnish on MacOS, and want to run it locally, you can start it it on port 8080 with:

    /usr/local/sbin/varnishd -F -f varnish.conf -a 0.0.0.0:8080

To start the server locally in development mode, with live reload enabled just install the modules and call the 'dev' run script:

    npm install
    npm run dev
    
Once both Varnish and the server are running to go http://localhost:8080

### Building and deploying the server in production

When deploying on a new server, copy the the `varnish.conf` file to the appropriate place for your operating system (e.g. `/etc/default/varnish` on Debian, `/etc/sysconfig/varnish` on RedHat and `/etc/varnish` on other systems) and be sure to set Varnish to run at startup.

To install and start the service in production just install the modules, build and run:

    npm install
    npm run build
    npm start

Commit message:

Upgraded to Next.js 2.x Beta, removed Varnish
* Using Next.js 2.x means we no longer needs Varnish to handle routing
* Uses Express framework to handle server side routes
* Now generate a sitemap.xml with recent questions to improve discovery
* Includes question in page title to improve discovery
* Links are now pre-fetched, speeding up navigation significantly
* Reduced the previously bloated logo size
* Some minor cleanup of page and component headers

README.md, after:

# Upsum

"The news, summed up"

News as Structured Data Q&A

## Getting started

The website use Node 6.x and the Next.js framework (wich uses React).

It is currently using the Next.js 2.0 Beta, so we don't have to be dependant on a seperate Varnish server to handle routing.

### Running locally

To run the server locally in development mode, with live reload enabled just install the modules and start it:

    npm install
    npm start
    
The web server will start at http://localhost:3000

In development mode, changes in the code will live reload in the browser.

### Building and deploying the server in production

To install and run the service in production just install the modules, build and start it:

    npm install
    npm run build
    NODE_ENV=production npm start
    
In production, web server will start at http://localhost:80 (but the PORT argument can be set to override the default port).

In production mode, changes will not live reload and the `npm run build` step will need to be run every time new code is deployed.
